hello and welcome to the Vita weekly
update where I take the news of the
league and compress it into a bite-sized
video a new ice silver color has been
announced for Hong Kong with the color
only being available for Wi-Fi models
and not 3g ones the new color will be
made available in February 28 for 2280
hong kong dollars or 294 US dollars no
details on other regions for those of
you in Europe waiting for Ragnarok
Odyssey details here's some the game
will finally be out as a PlayStation
Store download on the 20 of the februari
for 2999 euros or your regional
equivalent the demo is available right
now if you want an early taste rocket
birds hard boiled chicken a platformer
about some very angry birds is due out
next week on vita in the u.s. also out
next week in the US is the free-to-play
game equilibrium which has already been
available in europe for some time in
which you balance an ecosystem Ratchet
and Clank full frontal assault also
known as q4 says is officially being
delayed with a post on the PlayStation
Blog apologizing for the error in return
for the long delay PlayStation 3 copies
of wretched deadlocked for the United
States and motorstorm RC for Europe will
be given to those who have bought full
frontal assault on ps3 in exchange for
the way no dates for full frontal
assault were given MLB 13 the show the
latest baseball sim for Sony consoles
will not have crossed by unlike its
predecessor however most retail outlets
including Amazon will be running special
promotions where both games can be
bought for a discount the game will be
out march five star wars pinball is
coming to zen pinball 2 later this month
there will be ten theme Star Wars tables
released over the next few months with
the first three being based off the
Empire Strikes Back the clone wars and
the bounty hunter Boba Fett no price as
of yet
and a final bit of slowly unfortunate
news SuperBot entertainment has split
from sony in a move they considered to
be their next chapter however they
cannot work with their current workforce
for an extended period of time this
announcement came after a small round of
layoffs for the company we wish them all
the best also as a reminder the fearless
dlc is out next week for free with cat
in tow that's it for this week like
subscribe comment and share the video
around if you like it also solace and
sad crikey you're a bloody idiot you
chilean peso see you next week